Hi guys, in this tutorial we want to
install N8N locally using uh uh Docker.
Okay, let's go. Uh before we install N8N
using Docker,
you can watch the previous tutorial the
link on the description how to download
and install Docker desktop in your
Windows machine. Okay, let's go.
First thing first, open desktop docker.
After opening the desktop docker, let's
search here the search button N8.
Okay. And choose this version N8/
N8N.
Hit P.
Click once
and click boot and the installation is
begin.
Okay, fine. The installation is finished
of N8. And let's run.
Okay. Optional setting. You can set this
one
678.
This is the fourth antra
allow.
Uh now you can get it from this uh link
localhost/theport.
Okay. Write your email, your name and
your password.
Hit next.
Okay. Choose what do you want from this?
I'll clear those.
Okay. You can get your free license by
typing your email right here and send me
a free license. Can get it in your
email. Okay. Fine.
Uh the installation of N8N is finished.
Thank you guys for watching. Subscribe
for the channel
for more tutorials like this.